chore(recipe):Creating a new site using a theme (#20595)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes/working-with-themes.md

A [Gatsby theme](/docs/themes/what-are-gatsby-themes) abstracts Gatsby configuration (shared functionality, data sourcing, design) into an installable package. This means that the configuration and functionality isn’t directly written into your project, but rather versioned, centrally managed, and installed as a dependency. You can seamlessly update a theme, compose themes together, and even swap out one compatible theme for another.

## Creating a new site using a theme

> Found a theme you'd like to use on your project? Awesome! You can work through setting up by following the steps below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Found a theme you'd like to use on your project? Awesome! You can configure it for use by following the steps below.
```

> > If you'd like to take a look at more theme options, you could take a look at this [list of themes](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=gatsby-theme) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you'd like to take a look at more theme options, check out this [list of themes](https://www.npmjs.com/search?q=gatsby-theme).
```

### Prerequisities

> The [Gatsby CLI](/docs/gatsby-cli) installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you have the [Gatsby CLI](/docs/gatsby-cli) installed.
```

### Directions

1. Create a gatsby site

```shell
gatsby new {your-project-name}
```

> 2. Change directory and install theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Change directory and install theme

In this example, our theme is `gatsby-theme-blog`. You can replace that reference with whatever your theme is named.
```

Thoughts on doing it this way instead of having the additional example snippet?

Author: Gotcha! I agree.

```shell
cd {your-project-name}

> npm install {theme-name}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm install gatsby-theme-blog
```

```

> For Example

Reviewer: If we take the above recommendation then this whole section is uneeded

Author: Yea. Thanks 😄

```shell
npm install gatsby-theme-blog

```

> 3. Add theme to `gatsby.config.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add theme to `gatsby.config.js`

Follow the instructions found in the README of the theme you're using to determine what configuration it requires.
```

```shell
module.exports = {
  plugins: [
    {
      resolve: `gatsby-theme-blog`,
      options: {
        /*
        - basePath defaults to `/`
        - contentPath defaults to `content/posts`
        - assetPath defaults to `content/assets`
        - mdx defaults to `true`
        */
        basePath: `/blog`,
        contentPath: `content/blogPosts`,
        assetPath: `content/blogAssets`,
        mdx: false,
      },
    },
  ],
}
```

> 4. Run `yarn develop` , the theme should be avaliable at `http://localhost:8000/{basePath}`

Reviewer: Based on this we likely need to include yarn installation as a pre-req as well? Or can they run gatsby develop instead?

Author: I'll add yarn to the pre-req. It's used mostly with themes because of Yarn workspaces.

Reviewer: For sure, my question is whether workspace are necessary for using themes? Or just developing them? The [theme starter example](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/docs/recipes/working-with-themes#directions-1) uses `gatsby develop` so figured it was worth double-checking. I don't actually know the answer, so if you're up to test it out that'd be awesome.

Author: I don't think workspaces are necessary for using themes. Also, I saw that running yarn develop triggers gatsby develop.

Reviewer: So let's try using just `gatsby develop` and if it's successful you can open a new PR making the change and removing the yarn dependency :)

Reviewer: Hmm, I'd love to understand this a bit better. You're saying that when you create a new gatsby project it's creating a yarn.lock file? That shouldn't be the case as `gatsby new` uses npm. Would love to see what steps you took and where the yarn.lock came into play! I'm not inclined to include any notes about yarn if you don't need to use it in this scenario. I'm wondering if the issues you're seeing are because you already had?

Reviewer 2: if someone uses before `gatsby` in combination with `yarn`, then `yarn` is used instead of `npm`.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out @muescha we fixed it in #20965
